Rapid Mode

An alternate session-based scheme that allows for rapid iteration on raid bosses to help enforce strict downtime limits.

Inverts the usual flow. In Rapid Mode, a long duration pull timer is initiated whenever 
the rapid mode session owner leaves combat.
  Note: Default to 90 seconds, configurable between 360 seconds and 45 seconds.

When this long duration pull timer is running, a ready check is 
automatically sent with 45 seconds remaining on the pull timer.
  Note: if configuration demands due to lack of runway,
  the ready check is sent immediately after the pull timer begins.

If the ready check has not passed the usual criteria by the time 10 seconds remains, 
the pull timer is stopped immediately.
  Note: Intent here is to prevent pre-pull activities that would delay a new pull even further.
  e.g. Player A is AFK, Player B sees that the pull timer is canceled before beginning a pre-casted spell 
       or applying some potion.
  Note 2: Optionally, on by default, a raid warning is sent notifying everyone the pull is canceled.

Rapid mode session adds a few very light controls to the Pull Timers UI:
1. A defer or stop button (use case: The group wants to take more time to discuss the previous attempt)
2. A restart button (active only when deferred) that would take up the pull timer routine from the start again
3. A skip/fast forward/accelerate to N seconds button (N is configurable; 30 sec default, 45 max, 15 min)
  Note for 3: This would be usable even when the pull timer hasn't been deferred to accelerate the process.
              If the pull had been deferred, this will pick it up back rapidly versus the restart button.

The UI additions must be clear and concise, and should be mostly self-explanatory with a use or two for most players.

We should assume that for now the rapid mode session owner must be in the raid, and as usual must be raid leader or assistant.
The usual stop words should function normally.

We can earmark at a later date a mechanism for joint control of a session (e.g. a raid assistant with the addon 
can also see the controls, communicate action to the owner; ownership could be passed e.t.c.) but we should avoid
making any of the early work harder than it needs to be until this is a proven need.

We should preserve existing behaviors in the normal workflow, and where possible consolidate any code we would otherwise
duplicate (in order to prevent fragmentation down the line if requirements or general behaviors change in one place).
